1. Now we introduce Russ Morgan & His Orchestra performing "So Tired"
2. A song with a rare and tender beauty, sung for you now by the Morgan Trio, "Does Your Heart Beat For Me"
3. To start off the program we have Russ Morgan & His Morganaires singing "Blue Christmas"
4. Heh, that last song was a fun one *audience laughs*. Here we have Russ Morgan performing "There Goes That Song Again"
5. We've just gotten a new record from Muzak Orchestra, performing "40 Years Young". Let's hear it.
6. I've just gotten a call from one of our many listeners, that if they don't here "Sentimental Me" by Russ Morgan, they'll commit arson. Now I highly doubt that, but let's here it. You ready in there? [lightly] yeah!
7. Now, you've probably heard this number a few times on the radio. But I think this version's fabulous. Dinah Shore & Buddy Clark performing "Baby It's Cold Outside"
8. A song that can only be sung by a single quartet. May I introduce, my personal favorite, The Pied Pipers singing "Somehow" with Skip Martin & His Orchestra.
9. Now, I've recently noticed that we haven't had that many swing tracks. Well here's one. Count Basie & His Orchestra performing "Jumping At The Woodside"
10. I've gotten a memo that our techinican's are having trouble with the record player speed. I've ALSO been told to not play another track, but whose gonna listen to that. *audience laughs* Here we have a light ballad, Wayne King & His Orchestra performing "The Waltz You Saved For Me"
11. Here we have a hit from 1939, Glenn Miller & His Orchestra performing "Moonlight Serenade"
12. We've got ANOTHER Russ Morgan track, "Goodnight My Beautiful" recorded in 1938
13. A song with a rare and tender beauty, sung for you now in the manner of Larry Douglas, "I Guess I Expected, Too Much"
14. Here's Paul Weston & His Orchestra with The Pied Pipers performing "Mademe Butterball". I heard she's a big one. *audience laughs*
15. Here's one that's quite unpopular, Maurice Winnick & His Sweet Music *audience laughs* with Al Bowlly performing "The Waltz You Saved For Me"
16. We've got the master trumpetier Charlie Spivak with his Orchestra performing "It's The Same Old Dream"
17. Just got off the phone with one of our dear listeners, they wanted to hear "Stardreams" by Charlie Spivak & His Orchestra. Let's hear it.